NARRATOR: The rebuilding
of Lumiose City continues,
and at the same time,
our heroes are thinking
about what their futures hold...
and of course,
that includes Serena.
PALERMO: All right.
PALERMO: Keep on your
journey to your heart's content.
And once you're all
ready for the next step,
you just give me a call.
BONNIE: Hey, look at that!
ANNOUNCER: The light of hope
even illuminated Prism Tower!
ANNOUNCER: There are
still many wounds to be healed
in Lumiose City, but I'm
sure this light will guide us
as we continue our recovery!
BONNIE: You know, lighting up
Prism Tower was great!
Everybody loved it.
All those smiles!
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: It was great.
One of our first
big steps to recovery.
SYCAMORE: Oh, I see.
SERENA: What do you think?
SYCAMORE:
I think it's a great idea!
Okay. I'll be glad to help out.
SERENA: Thank you so much!
PANCHAM: [EXCITED]
BRAIXEN, SYLVEON: [EXCITED]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
BONNIE:
Where are we going, Serena?
SERENA:
You'll know when we get there.
ASH/CLEMONT/BONNIE/PIKACHU:
[QUESTIONING]
BONNIE: Wow...
ASH: What's up?
CLEMONT: So many people...
SYCAMORE: Everyone!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/
BONNIE/DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Professor Sycamore!
Something going on here?
SYCAMORE: There's a
performance exhibition today.
ASH/CLEMONT/BONNIE/
PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
SYCAMORE: It was Serena's idea.
ASH: Serena?
SERENA: This is what I love.
It's what I want to do!
SYCAMORE:
Serena has really inspired me.
I want to help
out however I can.
SYCAMORE: So, as a
Pokémon Showcase finalist,
what do you think?
I hope you approve...
SERENA: Yeah!
SHAUNA: Serena!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/
PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
SHAUNA: I'm finally here!
ASH: Shauna!
SERENA: Sorry.
I know it was last minute...
SHAUNA: No prob!
I just want to help you out!
SAWYER: We wanna help out, too!
TREVOR: Tell us what you need!
TIERNO: Trevor's right!
BONNIE: Trevor! Tierno!
ASH: Sawyer!
TREVOR: It's so nice
to meet up like this!
SAWYER: Watching on TV,
we were so worried about you...
ASH: Thanks, guys.
But see? We're all doing fine!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SAWYER: Great!
TIERNO: We're happy to
see everyone in one piece.
SYCAMORE: So!
Let's get this show on the road!
What do you say?
SERENA/SHAUNA: Yeah!
SYCAMORE: Ladies and gentlemen!
Presenting, as a special treat,
our very own
Pokémon Showcase performance!
It's marvelous!
SERENA/SHAUNA:
We hope you enjoy the show!
BRAIXEN/PANCHAM/SYLVEON/
FLABEBE/IVYSAUR: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Braixen, Flamethrower!
BRAIXEN/PANCHAM/SYLVEON:
[EXERTION]
SHAUNA: Ivysaur, Solar Beam!
IVYSAUR: [EXERTION]
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
IVYSAUR: [SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
GIRL TWO BUNS: Look at that!
GIRL BLUE SCARF: Awesome!
GIRL LONG BRAID:
Say! I know those girls!
GIRL SHORT HAIR: Yeah! They both
competed in the Master Class!
BONNIE: That was so beautiful...
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
ASH:
Alain and Mairin are here, too!
ALAIN: Hi.
MAIRIN: I've never
seen Serena perform before!
She's great, isn't she?
CHESPIE: [AGREEMENT]
JAMES: A Pokémon Showcase here?
That is a puzzler, isn't it?
MEOWTH: These are Twerps...
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
INKAY: [HAPPY]
JAMES:
And distracted Twerps, as well.
An excellent chance
to grab Pikachu!
Don't you agree?
WOBBUFFET: [SHOCKED]
JESSIE:
Oh? Well, I've seen enough!
GOURGEIST: [EXCITED]
JESSIE: I'll show
them a real performance.
Now, Gourgeist.
Let's educate them!
GOURGEIST: [AGREEMENT]
JAMES: And... lift off.
MEOWTH:
No putting out that fire.
WOBBUFFET: [SCARED]
GOURGEIST: [EXCITED]
JESSIE:
Now, follow the bouncing ME!
JESSIE: Gourgeist... Seed Bomb!
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
MAN GREEN SHIRT:
Hey, that's Jessilee!
MAN PINK SHIRT:
She's great. I'm a big fan!
MAN BLUE SHIRT: It's everyone
from the Master Class finals!
SERENA: It's Jessilee!
SHAUNA: Wow! She came!
JESSIE: Sure. Where there's
a stage, there's Jessilee.
SHAUNA: All together now...
SERENA: It's showtime!
SERENA: Sylveon, use Swift!
SYLVEON: [SWIFT MOVE]
SHAUNA: Flabébé, Moonblast!
FLABEBE: [MOONBLAST MOVE]
MAIRIN: Hey, Alain?
Why don't we have a dance, too?
ALAIN:
Uh, I don't think I should...
MAIRIN: Come on... Let's dance!
SYCAMORE:
You need to have some fun.
SYCAMORE: Yeah. Go on...
ALAIN: Professor...
MAIRIN: See, Alain?
It's really a lot of fun!
CHESPIE: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Professor, let's dance!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SYCAMORE: Who, me?
JESSIE:
Lovely... this feeling I have...
JESSIE: It's like I've
found my true calling!
Perhaps I should
remain here after all...
and aim for the
title of Kalos Queen!
JAMES: Don't forget your
day job, your highness...
MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET/INKAY:
[FRUSTRATED]
SHAUNA: They're so happy!
Don't you think?
SERENA: Yeah! I'm so
glad everyone's having fun!
SERENA/SHAUNA/JESSIE:
That's... ALL!
SYLVEON: [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
FLABEBE: [MOONBLAST MOVE]
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
GRACE: Serena?
SERENA: Wow, Mom!
GRACE: Thank you for
helping my daughter so much.
MEYER: My pleasure!
She's been a big help.
The way she's been taking
care of my boy and girl...
Serena's so
important to all of us!
GRACE: Well, I'm glad she's
been helping out a little.
SERENA: Mom? Why not
go and relax for a while?
I'll make some dinner.
GRACE: You'll make it?
SERENA: That's right.
You might not believe it,
but I've turned
into quite a good cook.
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
CHESPIN: [COMPLAINING]
ASH: I'll help you out, too!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: Tell us what
to do and it's done!
SERENA: All right.
Clemont, you take in the bread.
CLEMONT: Sure!
SERENA:
Ash, you grab the veggies!
ASH: Got it!
BONNIE: I wanna help, too!
MEYER:
So, Grace, Serena's performance,
did you get a
chance to see it today?
GRACE: Yes!
Uh, I've been worried about
how my daughter has been doing
but I guess there was no reason.
It was wonderful.
MEYER:
And it was all Serena's idea.
GRACE: Her idea?
MEYER:
You have a wonderful daughter.
Just wonderful.
GRACE:
Thank you. You're very kind.
GRACE: I'll be
heading back to the hotel.
SERENA: Wait! Mom? Can I...
Can I stay with you
at the hotel tonight?
GRACE: Serena?
Is there something
you'd like to talk about?
GRACE: Staying in a hotel with
me is not your usual style...
GRACE: What's on your mind?
I'm all ears...
SERENA: See, Mom...
Today... on stage...
I finally realized why
I truly love performing.
SERENA:
And I understand a little better
what I was missing before.
SERENA: Looking at all
the smiles in the crowd
and how happy they all
looked made me realize...
what I really want is to
make even more people smile,
like Aria.
But then, if I do that,
I'm afraid I'll lose
what I gained on my journey.
GRACE:
Well, I don't agree with that.
Is that all your
journey meant to you?
I can see that you've changed,
but your experiences?
They're always going
to be a part of you.
GRACE: Have more confidence.
SERENA: Momma.
GRACE: Don't forget you're
your mother's daughter, right?
GRACE:
Okay, let's get some sleep.
We've got an early day tomorrow!
CLEMONT:
Are you leaving already?
BONNIE: You should stay longer!
GRACE: Serena's doing fine.
That's what's important.
SERENA: Thanks, Mom!
GRACE: Let me know once you've
decided what we talked about.
SERENA: 'Kay.
GRACE: All right, gang,
come visit me whenever
you're in Vaniville Town.
The door's always unlocked!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Great!
BONNIE: Yippee yay!
GRACE: Bye, Serena!
SHAUNA:
So, should we all head over
to Professor Sycamore's lab?
Whaddya think?
TIERNO: Nope! I'm gonna work
on my new dance with Serena!
SHAUNA: You promised...
TREVOR: Since all the wild
Pokémon left Lumiose City,
We've been asked to help out.
Which means, we've got
a big job ahead of us!
ASH: Awesome! You'll do great!
SHAUNA: Well then,
we'll be heading out, too.
TREVOR: Take care of yourselves,
everyone!
TIERNO: Ow! Okay, okay!
My ear's gonna fall off!
SAWYER:
All right, I need to go as well.
ASH: So what's next?
Where are you going?
SAWYER: To what's left
of Lysandre's offices.
Steven asked me to help him out.
SAWYER: It seems the Giant Rock
has disappeared before,
and then reappeared.
So Steven believes
the Giant Rock
may not have completely
disappeared this time either.
And that's what he's
working on right now!
SAWYER: See, I got this
Key Stone from Steven.
Maybe we can be
of some use to him.
I'd like to pay
him back for his help.
ASH: Sounds great.
SAWYER: Ash?
SAWYER: Next time we meet,
let's battle, 'kay?
In the meantime,
I'll keep gaining ex ence!
ASH: Sure! It's a deal.
SAWYER: I'm winning next time!
ASH: Yeah? So am I!
SAWYER: See you.
BONNIE: Bye bye!
CLEMONT: See you soon.
SERENA: Take care of yourself!
SAWYER: Right!
CLEMONT: I guess I should be
heading back to the Lumiose Gym.
I've still got
more cleaning up to do.
BONNIE: I wanna help!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
CLEMONT: What about you?
ASH: Yeah, what should I do...
What are you gonna do?
SERENA: Me? I don't know.
ASH:
You can stay with me, you know!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Hoppip!"
ASH: No way! All right!
They say they're gonna
reopen the airport soon!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Look at that!
Lumiose City is
almost back to normal!
ASH: Yeah.
ASH: Whoa, Serena, check it out!
SERENA: So cute!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
ASH: MAN this is good!
SERENA: Lumiose's famous
foods are back, too.
ASH, PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Serena?
SERENA: What?
ASH: Let's have a battle!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Now?
SERENA: Wait!
ASH: Come on, this way!
SERENA: Ash?
ASH: I remember this.
When I first
came to Lumiose City,
I battled with
Clemont right here.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA:
Right here? What do you know!
ASH:
That was a really long time ago.
ASH: Thing is, when I'm worried,
having a Pokémon
battle always helps.
Makes me feel great!
ASH: You'll feel better fast!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
SERENA:
Maybe you're right. Know what?
I've never had a proper
battle with you before.
SERENA: Okay, let's do it!
ASH: Awesome!
SERENA: Now, Braixen, let's go!
BRAIXEN: [APPEARING]
ASH: Going with Braixen, huh?
You're up, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH:
'Kay, P hu, use Quick Attack!
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
BRAIXEN: [IMPACT]
SERENA: Oh no, Braixen!
BRAIXEN: [DETERMINED]
SERENA: Pikachu's so fast...
ASH: Let's keep it up.
Iron Tail, let's go!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
SERENA: Defense!
BRAIXEN: [EXERTION]
BRAIXEN: [PAINED]
SERENA: Braixen!
BRAIXEN: [DETERMINED]
SERENA: I know what to do.
Just act like we're re‐hearsing!
BRAIXEN: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: All right, Flamethrower!
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it, quick!
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
SERENA: Jump up!
BRAIXEN: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
SERENA: Braixen, use Scratch!
BRAIXEN: [SCRATCH MOVE]
ASH: Iron Tail, let's go!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
BRAIXEN: [EXERTION]
SERENA: Braixen, use Fire Blast!
BRAIXEN: [FIRE BLAST MOVE]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
SERENA: Yeah. All right!
BRAIXEN: [EXCITED]
ASH: Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [REASSURING]
ASH: Way to go, Serena.
You and Braixen
make an awesome team!
SERENA: Thanks!
ASH: Your Pokémon are strong.
All of them!
Braixen and Pancham.
And don't forget Sylveon...
ASH: 'Cour know...
you know Greninja and I had our
share of problems for a while.
But then I figured it out.
You can't do
anything by yourself.
ASH: It's because
you're with Pokémon
who support you that
really makes you do your best.
SERENA: Oh, Ash...
ASH: I'll tell you one thing.
I'll always be
cheering you on and on!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Oh, Ash...
Pikachu... Thank you.
PANCHAM: [APPEARING]
SYLVEON: [APPEARING]
SERENA: I'm really not alone.
You're all with me.
BRAIXEN: [AGREEMENT]
PANCHAM: [AGREEMENT]
SYLVEON: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA:
Braixen? Pancham? Sylveon?
I know it may not
be an easy journey,
but will you take it with me?
PANCHAM: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SYLVEON: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA:
Thanks so much. All of you.
Ash? I know what I want to do!
PALERMO: So, we meet again.
I've been waiting.
Have you found an answer yet?
SERENA: Yes, ma'am. I sure have.
PALERMO: All right. What is it?
SERENA: Forgive me ma'am!
SERENA:
But‐ I can't go with you.
SERENA: Aria helped me.
She really taught
me that my smile
could give other
people strength.
SERENA: I experienced
that for the first time.
Even though they'd
been through so much,
people smiled when they
watched my performance.
That's what made me decide.
I want lots of different
people to see me perform!
SERENA: That's what I
have to do to really grow.
If I were to go
and study with you,
I'd depend on you too much.
That's not what I need!
SERENA:
You see? They're my friends.
I want to see lots of places
with my Pokémon! Other regions.
And I'm certain we'll all
experience things together
that will really help
us to grow and mature.
BRAIXEN: [AGREEMENT]
PANCHAM: [AGREEMENT]
SYLVEON: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: It's probably
not what you expected,
but I've made my decision.
PALERMO: Well, that's a shame.
I want the best for you, too.
You're the very first person who
has ever turned down an offer
of help from me.
PALERMO: Have you
decided where you'll go?
SERENA: Uh... No, not yet.
PALERMO: Well...
how about the Hoenn region?
SERENA: Hoenn?
PALERMO: There they
have Pokémon Contests,
which are different
than Showcases.
PALERMO: Pokémon Contests
would be just the thing.
A great way to
gain good experience.
SERENA: Great! I'll do it!
PALERMO:
Very good. When you return,
maybe you can show me
everything you learned
while you were there.
I'm looking forward to seeing
all the ways that you'll grow.
PALERMO: Didn't I tell you?
My dear, I'm a big fan of yours!
SERENA: Thanks!
I promise I'll come back!
SERENA:
Ta‐da! Attention, please!
All right,
I've decided I'm going to go
on a performance‐
training journey!
BONNIE:
You're gonna leave us, too?
DEDENNE: [SURPRISED]
CHESPIN: [HEARTBROKEN]
SERENA: Yeah.
I realize I need to learn a lot
in order to grow as
a Pokémon performer,
so I've gotta go.
There are so many places to see!
SERENA: It sounds like the
Hoenn region is a great place
for Pokémon Contests,
so I'm going there first.
ASH: That's great! Good for you.
SERENA: Thanks, Ash!
I'm not sure where it will
lead me, but I'll do my best.
We'll do our best!
BRAIXEN/PANCHAM/SYLVEON:
[AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: And who knows?
Maybe we can help lots of
other people find their dreams!
SERENA: I think...
No, I'm sure I can do that!
ASH: Yeah. Go for it!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
NARRATOR: Following a
Pokémon battle with Ash,
Serena has decided
what path she will follow.
And so, the day when Ash,
Clemont and Bonnie set
off to find their own futures
is coming soon,
as the journey continues!